src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:22:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:23:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:23:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:24:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:24:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:26:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:26:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:28:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:28:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:32:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:32:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:35:	Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:35:	Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:35:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:35:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sum' (lines '36'-'38').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sum' (lines '36'-'38').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:43:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:44:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:44:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:45:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:45:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:47:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:47:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:49:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:49:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:52:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:52:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/Attribute.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:23:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:24:	Local variable 'param1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:24:	Local variable 'param1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:25:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:25:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:27:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:27:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:31:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:31:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:34:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:34:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:34:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:34:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:35:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:35:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:37:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:37:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:40:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:41:	Local variable 'param1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:41:	Local variable 'param1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:42:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:42:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:45:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:45:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:49:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:49:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/attribute/MulCalculation.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:17:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:19:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:19:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:21:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:21:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:33:	Local variable 'numberStrings' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:33:	Local variable 'numberStrings' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '34'-'35').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '34'-'35').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'numberString' (lines '41'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'numberString' (lines '41'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Parameter 'numberStrings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Parameter 'numberStrings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:43:	Local variable 'numberString' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calulator/Calculator.java:43:	Local variable 'numberString' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'bs' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'bs' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:37:	Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:37:	Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/dbConnection/DBConnectionServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:12:	Avoid importing anything from the sun.* packages
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:12:	Avoid importing anything from the sun.* packages
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:13:	Avoid importing anything from the sun.* packages
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:13:	Avoid importing anything from the sun.* packages
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:20:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sha' (lines '20'-'31').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:20:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sha' (lines '20'-'31').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like sh
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like sh
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:23:	Local variable 'sh' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:23:	Local variable 'sh' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'byteData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'byteData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:26:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:26:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:27:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:27:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sha' (lines '31'-'34').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sha' (lines '31'-'34').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:34:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:34:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:39:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:39:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '41'-'51').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '41'-'51').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:43:	Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:43:	Local variable 'md' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:45:	Local variable 'byteData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:45:	Local variable 'byteData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:46:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:46:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:47:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:47:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:54:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:54:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:59:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '60'-'85').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '60'-'85').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:63:	Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:63:	Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:65:	Local variable 'keyBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:65:	Local variable 'keyBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	The String literal "UTF-8" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:67:	The String literal "UTF-8" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:72:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:72:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:76:	Local variable 'keySpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:76:	Local variable 'keySpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:78:	Local variable 'ivSpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:78:	Local variable 'ivSpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:82:	Local variable 'decoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:82:	Local variable 'decoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:84:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:84:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:86:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:86:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:86:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:86:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	The static method name 'Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:91:	The static method name 'Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '92'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '92'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:94:	Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:94:	Local variable 'cipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:96:	Local variable 'keyBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:96:	Local variable 'keyBytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:98:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:98:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:103:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:103:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:107:	Local variable 'keySpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:107:	Local variable 'keySpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:109:	Local variable 'ivSpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:109:	Local variable 'ivSpec' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:116:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:116:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:119:	Local variable 'encoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/SecurityUtil.java:119:	Local variable 'encoder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	Possible God Class (WMC=87, ATFD=9, TCC=0.379%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	Possible God Class (WMC=87, ATFD=9, TCC=0.379%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	The class 'ARIAEngine' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 87 (highest 8).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	The class 'ARIAEngine' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 87 (highest 8).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ARIAEngine top-level class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:6:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ARIAEngine top-level class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:8:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:8:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like S1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like S2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like S2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like X1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like X1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like X2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like X2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Private field 'publicKey' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:29:	Private field 'publicKey' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'privateKey'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'privateKey'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Perhaps 'privateKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:31:	Perhaps 'privateKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:41:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:41:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:44:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:44:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:44:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:44:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Local variable 'A' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Local variable 'A' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:47:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Local variable 'B' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Local variable 'B' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:57:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:69:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:71:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:71:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:73:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:73:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:73:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:73:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:77:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:77:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:78:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:78:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:87:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:89:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:89:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:89:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:89:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:91:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:91:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:95:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:95:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:96:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:96:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:113:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'keySize'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:113:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'keySize'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:113:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:113:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numberOfRounds'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numberOfRounds'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'masterKey'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'masterKey'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:115:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'decRoundKeys'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'decRoundKeys'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'encRoundKeys'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'encRoundKeys'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:116:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:118:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:118:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:118:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:118:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:125:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the reset method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:125:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the reset method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:125:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:125:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:128:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:128:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:129:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:129:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:130:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:130:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:133:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeySize method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:133:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeySize method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:133:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:133:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setKeySize method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setKeySize method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:137:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:139:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:139:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:140:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:140:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:142:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:142:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:142:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:142:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	Parameter 'masterKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	Parameter 'masterKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setKey method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setKey method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:154:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:155:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:155:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:156:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:156:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:157:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:157:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:158:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:158:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:162:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupEncRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:162:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupEncRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:162:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:162:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:163:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:163:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:164:	The String literal "keySize" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:164:	The String literal "keySize" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:164:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:164:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:165:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:165:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:166:	The String literal "masterKey" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 166
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:166:	The String literal "masterKey" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 166
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:166:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:166:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:167:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:167:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:168:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:168:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:169:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:169:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:173:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupDecRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:173:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupDecRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:173:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:173:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:174:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:174:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:175:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:175:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:176:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:176:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:178:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:178:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:178:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:178:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:180:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:180:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:185:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:185:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setupRoundKeys method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:185:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:185:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like nr
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like nr
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'nr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'nr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'rk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	Parameter 'rk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	The method 'doCrypt(byte, int, int, int, byte, int)' has a NCSS line count of 96.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:189:	The method 'doCrypt(byte, int, int, int, byte, int)' has a NCSS line count of 96.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '190'-'192').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '190'-'192').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '190'-'193').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '190'-'193').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '190'-'194').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '190'-'194').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '190'-'195').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '190'-'195').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:190:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the encrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the encrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:244:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:245:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:245:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:246:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:246:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:247:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:247:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:249:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:249:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:249:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:249:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:251:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:251:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:251:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:251:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the encrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the encrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:255:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:256:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:256:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'cipher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'cipher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'plain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'plain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:262:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:264:	Local variable 'iLoop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:264:	Local variable 'iLoop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:265:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '265'-'271').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:265:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '265'-'271').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Parameter 'ooffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:273:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:274:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:274:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:275:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:275:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:276:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:276:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:278:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:278:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:280:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:280:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Parameter 'ioffset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decrypt method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:284:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:285:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:285:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:285:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:285:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'keyBits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'keyBits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'mk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'mk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'rk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	Parameter 'rk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	The method 'doEncKeySetup(byte, int, int)' has a NCSS line count of 147.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	The method 'doEncKeySetup(byte, int, int)' has a NCSS line count of 147.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	The method doEncKeySetup() has an NCSS line count of 147
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:290:	The method doEncKeySetup() has an NCSS line count of 147
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'q' (lines '291'-'302').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'q' (lines '291'-'302').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '291'-'303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '291'-'303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '291'-'303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '291'-'303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '291'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '291'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '291'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '291'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:291:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:292:	Avoid variables with short names like w0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:292:	Avoid variables with short names like w0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:292:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '292'-'297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:292:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '292'-'297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Avoid variables with short names like w1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Avoid variables with short names like w1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '293'-'314').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '293'-'314').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '293'-'323').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '293'-'323').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:294:	Avoid variables with short names like w2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:294:	Avoid variables with short names like w2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w2' (lines '294'-'338').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w2' (lines '294'-'338').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:295:	Avoid variables with short names like w3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:295:	Avoid variables with short names like w3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w3' (lines '295'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w3' (lines '295'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '297'-'298').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '297'-'298').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '298'-'299').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '298'-'299').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '299'-'300').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w0' (lines '299'-'300').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '303'-'305').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't0' (lines '303'-'305').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '303'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't1' (lines '303'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '304'-'307').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't2' (lines '304'-'307').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '304'-'308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't3' (lines '304'-'308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:313:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:313:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '314'-'315').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '314'-'315').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '315'-'317').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '315'-'317').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '315'-'320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '315'-'320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:316:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:316:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '317'-'318').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '317'-'318').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '320'-'320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '320'-'320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '323'-'323').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w1' (lines '323'-'323').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:328:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:328:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w2' (lines '338'-'338').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w2' (lines '338'-'338').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:340:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:340:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w3' (lines '349'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'w3' (lines '349'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:364:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:364:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:368:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:368:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:374:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:374:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'mk'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'mk'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Parameter 'keyBits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Parameter 'keyBits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Parameter 'mk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:384:	Parameter 'mk' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'z' (lines '385'-'388').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'z' (lines '385'-'388').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:385:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:386:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:386:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:386:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:386:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:392:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:392:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:392:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:392:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Avoid variables with short names like b3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:398:	Parameter 'b3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toByteArray' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Linguistics Antipattern - The transform method 'toByteArray' should not return void linguistically
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:402:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:409:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'badc': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:414:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'badc': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'cdab': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:418:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'cdab': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'dcba': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:422:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'dcba': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like rk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'gsrk': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:426:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'gsrk': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:427:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'diff': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:435:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'diff': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Avoid variables with short names like t3
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:436:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'swapBlocks': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:445:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'swapBlocks': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:446:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:446:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'offset1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'offset2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'tmp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Parameter 'tmp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'swapAndDiffuse': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:455:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'swapAndDiffuse': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:465:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:466:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:466:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:473:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:474:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:474:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:474:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:474:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:476:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:476:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:477:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:477:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'printRoundKeys(PrintStream,int)'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'printRoundKeys(PrintStream,int)'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Parameter 'roundKeys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:482:	Parameter 'roundKeys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:484:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:484:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:485:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:485:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:486:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:486:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:487:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:487:	Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:491:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'size'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:491:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'size'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:491:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:491:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:492:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:492:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:493:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:493:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'cipher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'cipher' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'plain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'plain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:497:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:498:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:498:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:499:	Local variable 'iLoop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:499:	Local variable 'iLoop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:500:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iMod' (lines '500'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:500:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iMod' (lines '500'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:500:	Local variable 'iMod' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:500:	Local variable 'iMod' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'507').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'507').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'509').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'509').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:501:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iCopySize' (lines '501'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:502:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '502'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:502:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '502'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '503'-'511').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '503'-'511').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '503'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:503:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '503'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:505:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:505:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:507:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:507:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:507:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:507:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:509:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:509:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:509:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:509:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:510:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:510:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:510:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:510:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:511:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '511'-'511').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:511:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '511'-'511').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:520:	Parameter 'hex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:520:	Parameter 'hex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:520:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:520:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:522:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:522:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:525:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:525:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Parameter 'ba' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Parameter 'ba' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:535:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:537:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:537:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:540:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:540:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:540:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:540:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:542:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:542:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Parameter 'keySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:550:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:554:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:554:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:555:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:555:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:556:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:556:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:559:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:559:	Avoid variables with short names like mk
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:559:	Local variable 'mk' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:559:	Local variable 'mk' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:561:	Local variable 'p1Key' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:561:	Local variable 'p1Key' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:563:	Overridable method 'setKey' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:563:	Overridable method 'setKey' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:564:	Overridable method 'setupRoundKeys' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:564:	Overridable method 'setupRoundKeys' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:566:	Local variable 'p2Key' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:566:	Local variable 'p2Key' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:567:	Local variable 'mk2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:567:	Local variable 'mk2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:568:	Local variable 'privateKeyByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:568:	Local variable 'privateKeyByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:569:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:569:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:574:	Local variable 'makeKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:574:	Local variable 'makeKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:576:	Overridable method 'setKey' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:576:	Overridable method 'setKey' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:577:	Overridable method 'setupRoundKeys' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:577:	Overridable method 'setupRoundKeys' called during object construction
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAEngine.java:581:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	Possible God Class (WMC=56, ATFD=45, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	Possible God Class (WMC=56, ATFD=45, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:16:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:20:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:24:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:24:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '25'-'26').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '25'-'26').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:29:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:29:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:36:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:36:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:49:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:49:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:50:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:50:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:50:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:50:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:52:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:52:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:53:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:53:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '57'-'58').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '57'-'58').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:58:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:58:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '58'-'86').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '58'-'86').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:68:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:68:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:70:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:70:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:73:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:73:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:76:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:76:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:76:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:76:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:79:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:79:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:84:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:84:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:91:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:93:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:97:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:97:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:103:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:103:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'privateKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:110:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:112:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:112:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:113:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:113:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:113:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:113:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:115:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:115:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:116:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:116:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:116:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:121:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:121:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '121'-'150').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numRead' (lines '121'-'150').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:131:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:131:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:133:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:136:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:136:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:136:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:136:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:140:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:140:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:140:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:140:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:143:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:143:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:148:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:148:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:152:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'makeMasterKey(String)'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:152:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'makeMasterKey(String)'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:152:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:152:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:153:	Local variable 'appendStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:153:	Local variable 'appendStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:154:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:154:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:164:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:164:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:164:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:164:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'originalData' (lines '166'-'187').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'originalData' (lines '166'-'187').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Local variable 'originalData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:166:	Local variable 'originalData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:167:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:168:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '168'-'180').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:168:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '168'-'180').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:170:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:170:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:170:	The String literal "dkaghghkzl@l" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:170:	The String literal "dkaghghkzl@l" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:172:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:172:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:173:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:173:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:174:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:174:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:182:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:182:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:183:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:183:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:184:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:184:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:191:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:191:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:191:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:191:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:193:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:194:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:194:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:196:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:196:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:197:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:197:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:198:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:198:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '199'-'200').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '199'-'200').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:203:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:203:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:210:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:210:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:216:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:218:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:219:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:219:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:220:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:220:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:221:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:221:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:222:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:222:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '223'-'224').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '223'-'224').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:226:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:226:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:233:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:233:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:240:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:242:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '243'-'244').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '243'-'244').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '243'-'245').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '243'-'245').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:244:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:245:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:245:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:245:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:245:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:247:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:247:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:248:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:248:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:249:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:249:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '250'-'251').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '250'-'251').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:253:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:253:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:260:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:260:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:268:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:270:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:271:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:271:	Local variable 'privateKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:274:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:274:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:275:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:275:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:281:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:281:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'charset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Parameter 'strHex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:291:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:293:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '294'-'295').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '294'-'295').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '294'-'296').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'privateKey' (lines '294'-'296').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:295:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:296:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:296:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:296:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:296:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:298:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:298:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:299:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:299:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:300:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:300:	Local variable 'instance' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:306:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:306:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:313:	Parameter 'hex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:313:	Parameter 'hex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:313:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:313:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:315:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:315:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Avoid variables with short names like ba
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Parameter 'ba' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Parameter 'ba' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:326:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:328:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:328:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:331:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:331:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:331:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:331:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:333:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:333:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtil.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:6:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:6:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:9:	Local variable 'paddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:9:	Local variable 'paddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'13').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'13').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'23').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'23').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:12:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:12:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:16:	Local variable 'addPaddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:16:	Local variable 'addPaddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'18').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'18').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'21').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'21').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'50').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'50').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'39').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'39').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'46').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'46').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:33:	Local variable 'lastValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:33:	Local variable 'lastValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:35:	Local variable 'zeroPaddingCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:35:	Local variable 'zeroPaddingCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '39'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '39'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.beans.Encoder'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.beans.Encoder'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_CBC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_CBC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	The static field name 'SS0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	The static field name 'SS0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	The static field name 'SS1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	The static field name 'SS1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	The static field name 'SS2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	The static field name 'SS2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	The static field name 'SS3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	The static field name 'SS3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS3' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS3' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	The static field name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	The static field name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	The static field name 'BIG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	The static field name 'BIG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BIG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BIG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	The static field name 'Key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	The static field name 'Key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Key' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Key' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	Parameter 'dws' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	Parameter 'dws' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T00' (lines '193'-'198').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T00' (lines '193'-'198').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T11' (lines '193'-'200').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T11' (lines '193'-'200').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:198:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:198:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:200:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:200:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:203:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:203:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:206:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:206:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The method 'SeedEncrypt(byte, int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 114.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The method 'SeedEncrypt(byte, int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 114.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The method SeedEncrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The method SeedEncrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '214'-'218').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '214'-'218').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	The local variable name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	The local variable name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '215'-'219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '215'-'219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	The local variable name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	The local variable name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '216'-'220').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '216'-'220').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	The local variable name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	The local variable name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '217'-'221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '217'-'221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	The local variable name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	The local variable name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '218'-'224').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '218'-'224').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '219'-'229').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '219'-'229').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '220'-'234').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '220'-'234').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '221'-'239').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '221'-'239').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '222'-'252').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '222'-'252').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '224'-'225').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '224'-'225').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '229'-'230').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '229'-'230').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '234'-'235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '234'-'235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '239'-'240').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '239'-'240').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '252'-'253').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '252'-'253').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '255'-'256').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '255'-'256').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '258'-'259').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '258'-'259').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '261'-'262').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '261'-'262').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '264'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '264'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '267'-'268').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '267'-'268').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '270'-'271').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '270'-'271').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '273'-'274').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '273'-'274').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '276'-'277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '276'-'277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '279'-'280').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '279'-'280').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:282:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '282'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:282:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '282'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '285'-'286').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '285'-'286').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '288'-'289').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '288'-'289').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '291'-'292').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '291'-'292').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '294'-'295').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '294'-'295').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '297'-'298').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '297'-'298').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:300:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '300'-'301').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:300:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '300'-'301').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '303'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '303'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '306'-'307').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '306'-'307').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '309'-'310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '309'-'310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '312'-'313').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '312'-'313').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '315'-'316').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '315'-'316').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '318'-'319').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '318'-'319').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '321'-'322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '321'-'322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The method 'SeedDecrypt(byte, int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 114.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The method 'SeedDecrypt(byte, int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 114.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The method SeedDecrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The method SeedDecrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The static method name 'SeedDecrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The static method name 'SeedDecrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '341'-'346').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '341'-'346').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	The local variable name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	The local variable name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '342'-'347').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '342'-'347').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	The local variable name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	The local variable name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '343'-'348').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '343'-'348').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	The local variable name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	The local variable name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '344'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '344'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	The local variable name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	The local variable name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '345'-'379').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '345'-'379').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '346'-'351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '346'-'351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '347'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '347'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '348'-'361').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '348'-'361').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '349'-'366').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '349'-'366').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '351'-'352').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '351'-'352').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '361'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '361'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '366'-'367').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '366'-'367').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '379'-'380').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '379'-'380').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '382'-'383').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '382'-'383').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '385'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '385'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:391:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '391'-'392').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:391:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '391'-'392').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '394'-'395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '394'-'395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:397:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '397'-'398').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:397:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '397'-'398').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:400:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '400'-'401').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:400:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '400'-'401').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '403'-'404').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '403'-'404').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '406'-'407').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '406'-'407').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '409'-'410').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '409'-'410').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '412'-'413').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '412'-'413').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:415:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '415'-'416').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:415:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '415'-'416').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '418'-'419').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '418'-'419').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '421'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '421'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '424'-'425').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '424'-'425').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '427'-'428').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '427'-'428').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '430'-'431').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '430'-'431').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:433:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '433'-'434').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:433:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '433'-'434').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '436'-'437').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '436'-'437').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '439'-'440').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '439'-'440').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '442'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '442'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:445:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '445'-'446').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:445:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '445'-'446').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:448:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '448'-'449').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:448:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '448'-'449').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'E' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'E' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'F' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'F' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'G' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'G' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'H' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'H' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'Z' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The method parameter name 'Z' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The static method name 'EncRoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	The static method name 'EncRoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'C' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'C' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'Z' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The method parameter name 'Z' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The static method name 'EncRoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	The static method name 'EncRoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	The local variable name 'T00' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	The local variable name 'T11' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The method 'SeedRoundKey(int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 126.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The method 'SeedRoundKey(int, byte)' has a NCSS line count of 126.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The method SeedRoundKey() has an NCSS line count of 126
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The method SeedRoundKey() has an NCSS line count of 126
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The static method name 'SeedRoundKey' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The static method name 'SeedRoundKey' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '504'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '504'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '505'-'523').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '505'-'523').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '506'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '506'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	The local variable name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	The local variable name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '507'-'533').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '507'-'533').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	The local variable name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	The local variable name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '508'-'538').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '508'-'538').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	The local variable name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	The local variable name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '509'-'543').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '509'-'543').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	The local variable name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	The local variable name 'F' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '510'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '510'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	The local variable name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	The local variable name 'G' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '511'-'553').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '511'-'553').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	The local variable name 'T0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '518'-'519').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '518'-'519').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '523'-'524').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '523'-'524').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '533'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '533'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '538'-'539').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '538'-'539').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '543'-'544').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '543'-'544').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '548'-'549').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '548'-'549').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '553'-'554').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '553'-'554').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'KEY_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'KEY_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	The static field name 'KEY_SIZE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	The static field name 'KEY_SIZE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KEY_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KEY_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'TEXT_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'TEXT_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	The static field name 'TEXT_SIZE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	The static field name 'TEXT_SIZE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TEXT_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TEXT_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:672:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:672:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:673:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:673:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	The static method name 'SeedEncrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:686:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '686'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:686:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '686'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:687:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:687:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp' (lines '690'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp' (lines '690'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:693:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loop' (lines '693'-'697').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:693:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loop' (lines '693'-'697').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '700'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '700'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'710').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'710').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:709:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:709:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:709:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:709:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	The static method name 'Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:721:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:721:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:723:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:723:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:724:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:724:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The static method name 'Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The static method name 'Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:743:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:743:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:745:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:745:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:746:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:746:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:748:	Local variable 'pwdByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:748:	Local variable 'pwdByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:749:	Local variable 'loop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:749:	Local variable 'loop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:755:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:755:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:755:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:755:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:763:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:763:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:764:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:764:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:764:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:764:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:765:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:765:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:767:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:767:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:768:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:768:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:768:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:768:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:769:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:769:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:776:	Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:776:	Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:777:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:777:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:786:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:786:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:788:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:788:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:790:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:790:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	Possible God Class (WMC=83, ATFD=51, TCC=14.035%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	Possible God Class (WMC=83, ATFD=51, TCC=14.035%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 83 (highest 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 83 (highest 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:51:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:51:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:86:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:86:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:121:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:121:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:156:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:156:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_CTR_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_CTR_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:161:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:161:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:162:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:162:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:163:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:163:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:164:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:164:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:165:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:165:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:166:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:166:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:167:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:167:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:168:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:168:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:169:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:169:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:170:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:170:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:171:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:171:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:172:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:172:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:173:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:173:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:174:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:174:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:175:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:175:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:176:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:176:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:178:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:178:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:179:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:179:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:180:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:180:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:181:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:181:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'EndianChange': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'EndianChange': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB2': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB2': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB3': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB3': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE1' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE1' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'OUT_VALUE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'OUT_VALUE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value1_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value1_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value2_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value2_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_value_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_value_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value1_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value1_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value2_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value2_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'out_value_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'out_value_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method 'BLOCK_XOR_SEED(int, int, int, int, int, int)' has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method 'BLOCK_XOR_SEED(int, int, int, int, int, int)' has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'IN_VALUE1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'IN_VALUE1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'IN_VALUE2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'IN_VALUE2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'OUT_VALUE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'OUT_VALUE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'in_value1_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'in_value1_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'in_value2_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'in_value2_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'out_value_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method parameter name 'out_value_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The static method name 'BLOCK_XOR_SEED' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The static method name 'BLOCK_XOR_SEED' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'OUT_VALUE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'OUT_VALUE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbOUT_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbOUT_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nIncreaseValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nIncreaseValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	The method parameter name 'pbOUT_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	The method parameter name 'pbOUT_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	The static method name 'UpdateCounter_for_SEED' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	The static method name 'UpdateCounter_for_SEED' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'246').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'246').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:241:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:241:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:242:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:242:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '246'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '246'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:257:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '257'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:257:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '257'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:263:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '263'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:263:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '263'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	The static method name 'chartoint32_for_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	The static method name 'chartoint32_for_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	The static method name 'int32tochar_for_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	The static method name 'int32tochar_for_SEED_CTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:300:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:300:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:303:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:303:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '306'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '306'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '311'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '311'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Encrypt_Block_forCTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Encrypt_Block_forCTR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '319'-'324').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '319'-'324').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '324'-'325').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '324'-'325').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '325'-'326').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '325'-'326').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '326'-'327').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '326'-'327').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '327'-'332').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '327'-'332').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '373'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '373'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:376:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:376:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:379:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:379:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '386'-'387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '386'-'387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '387'-'388').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '387'-'388').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '389'-'394').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '389'-'394').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:400:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:400:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '417'-'418').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '417'-'418').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '420'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '420'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '422'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '422'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:433:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:433:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '434'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '434'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '435'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '435'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	The local variable name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	The local variable name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '436'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '436'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	The local variable name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	The local variable name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pbszCounter_offset
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pbszCounter_offset
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCounter_offset' (lines '437'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCounter_offset' (lines '437'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Local variable 'pbszCounter_offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Local variable 'pbszCounter_offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbszCounter_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbszCounter_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	The local variable name 'pbszCounter_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	The local variable name 'pbszCounter_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:439:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:439:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:443:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:443:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:443:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:443:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:445:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pdwCounter' (lines '445'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:445:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pdwCounter' (lines '445'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:453:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:453:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:467:	Local variable 'nPaddngLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:467:	Local variable 'nPaddngLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The method parameter name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The method parameter name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The method parameter name 'message_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The method parameter name 'message_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:483:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:483:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:484:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:484:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:484:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:484:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:485:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:485:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:491:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:491:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:492:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:492:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:495:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:495:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '508'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '508'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '509'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '509'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '510'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '510'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The method parameter name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The method parameter name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The method parameter name 'message_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The method parameter name 'message_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	The static method name 'SEED_CTR_Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:518:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:518:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:519:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:519:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:519:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:519:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:520:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:520:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:526:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:526:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:527:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:527:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:530:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:530:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '543'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '543'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '544'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '544'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '545'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '545'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	The class 'KISA_ENC_DEC' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=5, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	The class 'KISA_ENC_DEC' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=5, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	The class name 'KISA_ENC_DEC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	The class name 'KISA_ENC_DEC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:558:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:558:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:558:	The public constant name '_KISA_DECRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:558:	The public constant name '_KISA_DECRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:559:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:559:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:559:	The public constant name '_KISA_ENCRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:559:	The public constant name '_KISA_ENCRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:572:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:572:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:572:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_KEY' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:572:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_KEY' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	The field name 'key_data' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	The field name 'key_data' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:575:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:575:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	The class 'KISA_SEED_INFO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=7, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	The class 'KISA_SEED_INFO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=7, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	The field name 'seed_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	The field name 'seed_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	The field name 'cbc_buffer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	The field name 'cbc_buffer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	The field name 'buffer_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	The field name 'buffer_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	The field name 'cbc_last_block' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	The field name 'cbc_last_block' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	The field name 'last_block_flag' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	The field name 'last_block_flag' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:591:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:591:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:606:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:606:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:607:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:607:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:610:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:610:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:634:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:634:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:652:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:652:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:658:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:658:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:667:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:667:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:672:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:672:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:673:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:673:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:679:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:679:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:680:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:680:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:698:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:698:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:735:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:735:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:736:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:736:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:736:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:736:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:738:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:738:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:738:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:738:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:747:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:747:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:748:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:748:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 286.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 286.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 2147483647
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 2147483647
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 280
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 280
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:760:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:760:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:762:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:762:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:766:	Local variable 'bszCTR' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:766:	Local variable 'bszCTR' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	The local variable name 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	The local variable name 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' (lines '773'-'871').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' (lines '773'-'871').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	The local variable name 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	The local variable name 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:779:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:779:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:781:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:781:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:783:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:783:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:784:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:784:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:785:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:785:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:786:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:786:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:788:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:788:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	The String literal "Plaintext\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 789
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	The String literal "Plaintext\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 789
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:791:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:791:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	The String literal "CTR\t\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 792
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	The String literal "CTR\t\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 792
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:794:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:794:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:799:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:799:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:801:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:801:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:814:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:814:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:815:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:815:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:815:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:815:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:817:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:817:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	The String literal "Plaintext(Dec)\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 820
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	The String literal "Plaintext(Dec)\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 820
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:821:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:821:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:821:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:821:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:823:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:823:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:825:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'test_num' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:825:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'test_num' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:825:	The local variable name 'test_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:825:	The local variable name 'test_num' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:832:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:832:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:833:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:833:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:833:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:833:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:835:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:835:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:838:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:838:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:839:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:839:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:839:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:839:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:841:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:841:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'829').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'829').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:845:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'test_num' (lines '845'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:845:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'test_num' (lines '845'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:859:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:859:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:860:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:860:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:874:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:874:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:876:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:876:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:877:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:877:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:879:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:879:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:880:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:880:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:886:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pdmessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:886:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pdmessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:886:	The local variable name 'pdmessage_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:886:	The local variable name 'pdmessage_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:888:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:888:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:888:	The local variable name 'process_blockLeng' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:888:	The local variable name 'process_blockLeng' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:893:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:893:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:896:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:896:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:896:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:896:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:897:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:897:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:897:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:897:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:926:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:926:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:927:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:927:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:927:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:927:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:929:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:929:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '932'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '932'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '933'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '933'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '934'-'947').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '934'-'947').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:972:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:972:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:981:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:981:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:982:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:982:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:982:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:982:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,038').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,038').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,051').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,051').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,040').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,040').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,054').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,054').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '989'-'1,026').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '989'-'1,026').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '991'-'1,033').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '991'-'1,033').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '992'-'1,032').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '992'-'1,032').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1011:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1011:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1013:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1013:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1014:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1014:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1016:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1016:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1017:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1017:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1040:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1040:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1041:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1041:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1060:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1060:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1061:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1061:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1061:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1061:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1063:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1063:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,066'-'1,091').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,066'-'1,091').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,067'-'1,093').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,067'-'1,093').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,068'-'1,081').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,068'-'1,081').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1094:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1094:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1114:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1114:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1115:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1115:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1115:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1115:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1117:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1117:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,179').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,179').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,168').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,168').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,182').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,182').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,122'-'1,154').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,122'-'1,154').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,125'-'1,161').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,125'-'1,161').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,126'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,126'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1139:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1139:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1141:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1141:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1142:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1142:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1144:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1144:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1145:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1145:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1188:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1188:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1189:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1189:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1189:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1189:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1191:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1191:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,232').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,232').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,196'-'1,209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,196'-'1,209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1242:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1242:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1243:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1243:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1243:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1243:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1245:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1245:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,248'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,248'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,249'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,249'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,250'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,250'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,252'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,252'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,253'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,253'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	Possible God Class (WMC=82, ATFD=44, TCC=23.392%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	Possible God Class (WMC=82, ATFD=44, TCC=23.392%)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 82 (highest 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 82 (highest 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	The static method name 'EndianChange' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'EndianChange': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'EndianChange': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	The static method name 'GetB0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	The static method name 'GetB1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	The static method name 'GetB2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB2': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB2': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	The method parameter name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	The static method name 'GetB3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB3': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetB3': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'L0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'L1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'R0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'R1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	The static method name 'SeedRound' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'SeedRound': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'SeedRound': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_SEED_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_SEED_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Encrypt_Block_forECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Encrypt_Block_forECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '203'-'208').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '203'-'208').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '208'-'209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '208'-'209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '209'-'210').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '209'-'210').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '210'-'211').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '210'-'211').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '211'-'216').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '211'-'216').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	The static method name 'chartoint32_for_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	The static method name 'chartoint32_for_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	The static method name 'int32tochar_for_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	The static method name 'int32tochar_for_SEED_ECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:277:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:277:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:280:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:280:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '283'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '283'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '288'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '288'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Encrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:299:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:299:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:304:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:304:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:304:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:304:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:305:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:305:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:305:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:305:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:307:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:307:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:308:	Local variable 'nPlainTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:308:	Local variable 'nPlainTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:310:	Local variable 'nPlainTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:310:	Local variable 'nPlainTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:310:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:310:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:311:	Local variable 'newpbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:311:	Local variable 'newpbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:314:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:314:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '330'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '330'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '331'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '331'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '332'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '332'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The method parameter name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Decrypt_Block_forECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	The static method name 'KISA_SEED_Decrypt_Block_forECB' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '350'-'355').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '350'-'355').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	The local variable name 'LR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '355'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '355'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '357'-'358').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '357'-'358').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '358'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '358'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Decrypt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '404'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '404'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:405:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:405:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:406:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:406:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:407:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:407:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'429').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'429').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nRetOutLeng' (lines '409'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nRetOutLeng' (lines '409'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddingLeng' (lines '410'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddingLeng' (lines '410'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '412'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '412'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:413:	Local variable 'nCipherTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:413:	Local variable 'nCipherTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:417:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:417:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:421:	Local variable 'newpbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:421:	Local variable 'newpbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '424'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '424'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:437:	The local variable name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:437:	The local variable name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:443:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:443:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '446'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '446'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '447'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '447'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '448'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '448'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:449:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:449:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:453:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:453:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:454:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:454:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	The class 'KISA_SEED_INFO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=7, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	The class 'KISA_SEED_INFO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=7, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	The field name 'seed_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	The field name 'seed_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	The field name 'ecb_buffer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	The field name 'ecb_buffer' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	The field name 'buffer_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	The field name 'buffer_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	The field name 'ecb_last_block' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	The field name 'ecb_last_block' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	The field name 'last_block_flag' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	The field name 'last_block_flag' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:469:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:469:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	The class 'KISA_ENC_DEC' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=5, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	The class 'KISA_ENC_DEC' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=5, NOAM=0, WMC=1)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	The class name 'KISA_ENC_DEC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	The class name 'KISA_ENC_DEC' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:483:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:483:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:483:	The public constant name '_KISA_DECRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:483:	The public constant name '_KISA_DECRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:484:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:484:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:484:	The public constant name '_KISA_ENCRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:484:	The public constant name '_KISA_ENCRYPT' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:497:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:497:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:497:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_KEY' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:497:	The class name 'KISA_SEED_KEY' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	The field name 'key_data' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	The field name 'key_data' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:500:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:500:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'527').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'527').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '515'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '515'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:518:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:518:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:520:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:520:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:520:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:520:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '527'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '527'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:529:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '529'-'530').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:529:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '529'-'530').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:530:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '530'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:530:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '530'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:537:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:537:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:540:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:540:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '557'-'558').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '557'-'558').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '560'-'562').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '560'-'562').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '562'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '562'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '572'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '572'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'583').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'583').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'600').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'600').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	The local variable name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	The local variable name 'in_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'584').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'584').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'601').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'601').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	The local variable name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	The local variable name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:576:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:576:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:580:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:580:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:580:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:580:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:584:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '584'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:584:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '584'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '600'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '600'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	The method parameter name 'out_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	The static method name 'SEED_ECB_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:619:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:619:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:623:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:623:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:624:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:624:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:624:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:624:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:627:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddngLeng' (lines '627'-'650').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:627:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddngLeng' (lines '627'-'650').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:646:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:646:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:662:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:662:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'KC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'K_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The method parameter name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	The static method name 'RoundKeyUpdate1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RoundKeyUpdate1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:702:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:702:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	The static method name 'SeedRoundKey' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	The static method name 'SeedRoundKey' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '713'-'718').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '713'-'718').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	The local variable name 'ABCD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	The local variable name 'T' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	The local variable name 'K' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:718:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '718'-'719').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:718:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '718'-'719').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:719:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '719'-'720').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:719:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '719'-'720').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '720'-'721').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '720'-'721').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '721'-'725').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '721'-'725').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:727:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:727:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:732:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:732:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:749:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '749'-'750').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:749:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '749'-'750').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '751'-'752').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '751'-'752').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '752'-'753').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '752'-'753').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:757:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:757:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:758:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:758:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:761:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:761:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:785:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:785:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:803:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:803:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:809:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:809:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:818:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:818:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:823:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:823:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:824:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:824:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:830:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:830:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:831:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:831:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:849:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:849:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:886:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:886:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:887:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:887:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:887:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:887:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:889:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:889:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:889:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:889:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:898:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:898:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:899:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:899:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:899:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:899:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 316.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has a NCSS line count of 316.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 2147483647
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main(String)' has an NPath complexity of 2147483647
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 304
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 304
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:910:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:910:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:913:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:913:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:915:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:915:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:916:	Local variable 'pbData2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:916:	Local variable 'pbData2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:917:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '917'-'939').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:917:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '917'-'939').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:918:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '918'-'941').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:918:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '918'-'941').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:920:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:920:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:921:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:921:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	The String literal "\n\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 922
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	The String literal "\n\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 922
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:926:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:926:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:928:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:928:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:932:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:932:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:934:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:934:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:935:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:935:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:937:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:937:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:943:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:943:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:945:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:945:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:947:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:947:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:949:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:949:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '952'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '952'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '953'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '953'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	The String literal "Ciphertext(enc)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 961
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	The String literal "Ciphertext(enc)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 961
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:963:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:963:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	The String literal "Plaintext(dec)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 965
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	The String literal "Plaintext(dec)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 965
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:967:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:967:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '969'-'974').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '969'-'974').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '970'-'976').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '970'-'976').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:976:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '976'-'987').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:976:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '976'-'987').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:978:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:978:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:980:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:980:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:982:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:982:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '986'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '986'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '987'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '987'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:993:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:993:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:995:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:995:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:997:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:997:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:998:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:998:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1000:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1000:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1001:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1001:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1003:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1003:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	The local variable name 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	The local variable name 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	The local variable name 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	The local variable name 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1015:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1015:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1015:	The local variable name 'process_blockLeng' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1015:	The local variable name 'process_blockLeng' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1017:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1017:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1020:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1020:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1020:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1020:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1021:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1021:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1021:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1021:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1023:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1023:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1035:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1035:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1055:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1055:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1058:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1058:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,060'-'1,171').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,060'-'1,171').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,061'-'1,173').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,061'-'1,173').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,062'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,062'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,063'-'1,075').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,063'-'1,075').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1073:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1073:	Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1073:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,073'-'1,138').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1073:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,073'-'1,138').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1075:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,075'-'1,156').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1075:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,075'-'1,156').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EncryptedMessage_length
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EncryptedMessage_length
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'EncryptedMessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'EncryptedMessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	The local variable name 'EncryptedMessage_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	The local variable name 'EncryptedMessage_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EncryptedMessage_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EncryptedMessage_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	The String literal "DECRYPT FAIL! " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,080
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	The String literal "DECRYPT FAIL! " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,080
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1090:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1090:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1098:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1098:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1099:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1099:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Local variable 'message_length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Local variable 'message_length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	The local variable name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	The local variable name 'message_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1123:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1123:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1128:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1128:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1133:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1133:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1135:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1135:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,138'-'1,212').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,138'-'1,212').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,140'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,140'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1162:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1162:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1194:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1194:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1197:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1197:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,237').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,237').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,227').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,227').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,202'-'1,214').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,202'-'1,214').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,258').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,258').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,266').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,266').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,214'-'1,293').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,214'-'1,293').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1219:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1219:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1229:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1229:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,262'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,262'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,266'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,266'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1267:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1267:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1272:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1272:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1274:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1274:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,277'-'1,349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,277'-'1,349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,279'-'1,303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,279'-'1,303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1299:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1299:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1331:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1331:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1334:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1334:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,372').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,372').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,374').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,374').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,391').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,391').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,364').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,364').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,339'-'1,351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,339'-'1,351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,403').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,403').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,351'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,351'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1356:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1356:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1366:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1366:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,367'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,367'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,397'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,397'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,398'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,398'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,399'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,399'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1403:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,403'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1403:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,403'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1404:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1404:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1411:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1411:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:13:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:13:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:13:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:13:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:14:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:14:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:15:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:15:	Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	The class name 'KISA_SHA256' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	The class name 'KISA_SHA256' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	The static field name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_BLOCKLEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_BLOCKLEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_VALUELEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_VALUELEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	Parameter 'plainText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	Parameter 'plainText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like encryptStringBuffer
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like encryptStringBuffer
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Local variable 'encryptStringBuffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Local variable 'encryptStringBuffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:20:	Local variable 'encryptByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:20:	Local variable 'encryptByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:26:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:26:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	The static method name 'ROTL_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	The static method name 'ROTL_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ROTL_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ROTL_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	The static method name 'ROTR_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	The static method name 'ROTR_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ROTR_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ROTR_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	The static method name 'ENDIAN_REVERSE_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	The static method name 'ENDIAN_REVERSE_ULONG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ENDIAN_REVERSE_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'ENDIAN_REVERSE_ULONG': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'B_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'B_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'B_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'B_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The method parameter name 'D' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The static method name 'BIG_D2B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	The static method name 'BIG_D2B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'BIG_D2B': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'BIG_D2B': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	The static method name 'RR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	The static method name 'RR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RR': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RR': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	The static method name 'SS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	The static method name 'SS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'SS': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'SS': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	The static method name 'Ch' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	The static method name 'Ch' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Ch': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Ch': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	The static method name 'Maj' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	The static method name 'Maj' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Maj': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Maj': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	The static method name 'Sigma0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	The static method name 'Sigma0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Sigma0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Sigma0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	The static method name 'Sigma1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	The static method name 'Sigma1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Sigma1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'Sigma1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	The static method name 'RHO0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	The static method name 'RHO0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RHO0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RHO0': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	The static method name 'RHO1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	The static method name 'RHO1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RHO1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'RHO1': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_a' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_a' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_a' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_a' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_b' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_b' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_b' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_b' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_c' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_c' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_c' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_c' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_d' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_d' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_d' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_d' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_e' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_e' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_e' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_e' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_f' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_f' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_f' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_f' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_g' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_g' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_g' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_g' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_h' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	The constant name 'abcdefgh_h' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_h' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_h' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'X' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'X' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	The method parameter name 'X' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	The method parameter name 'X' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	The static method name 'FF' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	The static method name 'FF' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'FF': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'FF': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'x_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'x_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	The method parameter name 'x_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	The method parameter name 'x_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	The static method name 'GetData' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	The static method name 'GetData' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetData': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'GetData': private methods cannot be overridden
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:102:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:102:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Parameter 'Message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Parameter 'Message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The method parameter name 'ChainVar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The method parameter name 'ChainVar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The method parameter name 'Message' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The method parameter name 'Message' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The static method name 'SHA256_Transform' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	The static method name 'SHA256_Transform' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ChainVar' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ChainVar' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Message' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Message' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '104'-'115').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '104'-'115').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T1' (lines '105'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T1' (lines '105'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Local variable 'T1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Local variable 'T1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	The local variable name 'T1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	The local variable name 'X' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	The local variable name 'X' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:109:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:109:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:109:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:109:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:112:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:112:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:112:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:112:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '115'-'116').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '115'-'116').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '116'-'117').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '116'-'117').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '117'-'118').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '117'-'118').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '118'-'119').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '118'-'119').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '119'-'120').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '119'-'120').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '121'-'122').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '121'-'122').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	The static method name 'SHA256_Init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	The static method name 'SHA256_Init' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'uDataLen'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'uDataLen'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	The static method name 'SHA256_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	The static method name 'SHA256_Process' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:170:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pszMessage_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:170:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pszMessage_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:170:	The local variable name 'pszMessage_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:170:	The local variable name 'pszMessage_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	The method parameter name 'Info' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	The static method name 'SHA256_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	The static method name 'SHA256_Close' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	The local variable name 'Index' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	The local variable name 'Index' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Index' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Index' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:219:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:219:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:219:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:219:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'uPlainTextLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'uPlainTextLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	The static method name 'SHA256_Encrpyt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	The static method name 'SHA256_Encrpyt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:230:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:230:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:237:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:237:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:237:	The class name 'SHA256_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:237:	The class name 'SHA256_INFO' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	The utility class name 'Common' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper)'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:246:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:246:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:247:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:247:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:250:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:250:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	The static method name 'arraycopy_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	The static method name 'arrayinit_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:274:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:274:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	The static method name 'set_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:292:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:292:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	The local variable name 'mask_value2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:298:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:298:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The method parameter name 'b_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	The static method name 'get_byte_for_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:307:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:307:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	The local variable name 'shift_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	The local variable name 'mask_value' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:312:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:312:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:313:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:313:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	The static method name 'get_bytes_for_ints' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:319:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:319:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:320:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:320:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	The static method name 'byte_to_int' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	The static method name 'byte_to_int_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The method parameter name 'src_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	The static method name 'int_to_byte' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The method parameter name 'ENDIAN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	The method parameter name 'dst_offset' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	The static method name 'int_to_byte_unit_big_endian' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	The static method name 'URShift' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:375:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:375:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:376:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:376:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:376:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:376:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:378:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:378:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:378:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:378:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	The local variable name 'v_mask' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:387:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:387:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:388:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:388:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:388:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:388:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbData' (lines '395'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbData' (lines '395'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:401:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:401:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:403:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:403:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '404'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '404'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Local variable 'pbPlain' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Local variable 'pbPlain' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:406:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:406:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:407:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:407:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:408:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:408:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '411'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '411'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Plaintext_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Plaintext_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	The local variable name 'Plaintext_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	The local variable name 'Plaintext_length' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Plaintext_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Plaintext_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:416:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:416:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:418:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:418:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:423:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:423:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:425:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:425:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:427:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '427'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:427:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '427'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:432:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:432:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:434:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:434:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:437:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:437:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:439:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:439:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:18:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:19:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:22:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:25:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:28:	Local variable 'requestWrapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:28:	Local variable 'requestWrapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamFilter.java:34:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Private field 'paramMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:12:	Private field 'paramMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:14:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:14:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:14:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:14:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:16:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:16:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:20:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:20:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:21:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:21:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefaultParamWrapper.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:16:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:16:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:27:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:27:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:38:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter.java:38:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:16:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:16:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:20:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:20:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:27:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:27:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:36:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoggingFilter2.java:36:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:26:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:26:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:27:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:30:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:33:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:34:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:34:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'uri' (lines '35'-'36').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'uri' (lines '35'-'36').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:37:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:37:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:48:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:48:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/LoginCheckFilter.java:53:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountController.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:20:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:20:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:27:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:28:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:28:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:33:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:36:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:36:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:38:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:38:	Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqCount' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqCount' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCountFilter.java:46:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:20:	The method 'destroy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:24:	The method 'doFilter(ServletRequest, ServletResponse, FilterChain)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestParameterEncodingFilter.java:30:	The method 'init(FilterConfig)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:22:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:22:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:34:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/SelectLocale.java:34:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:20:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:20:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:24:	Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:24:	Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:31:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:31:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:31:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/ApplicationListener.java:31:	Parameter 'sce' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Private field 'sessionUserMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:12:	Private field 'sessionUserMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:15:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:15:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:19:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:23:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:23:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:24:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:24:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:25:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Private field 'sessionMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Private field 'sessionMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:18:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:18:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:25:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:25:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:42:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:42:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:43:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:46:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:47:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:56:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:58:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:58:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:58:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:58:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '85'-'93').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '85'-'93').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:85:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:87:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:87:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:87:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:87:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:88:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:88:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:88:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:88:	Missing arguments, expected 1 argument but have 0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:92:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:92:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:97:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:97:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:98:	Local variable 'userPW' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:98:	Local variable 'userPW' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:99:	Local variable 'encryptPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:99:	Local variable 'encryptPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:108:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:108:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:116:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:116:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieMaxAge' (lines '120'-'123').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieMaxAge' (lines '120'-'123').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:123:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:123:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:125:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:125:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:137:	Local variable 'userIdCookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:137:	Local variable 'userIdCookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:140:	Local variable 'rememberMeCookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:140:	Local variable 'rememberMeCookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:148:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:148:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:151:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:151:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:151:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:151:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LoginController.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:16:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:17:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:17:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/controller/LogoutController.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:15:	Local variable 'resource' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:15:	Local variable 'resource' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:25:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:25:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/MyBatisUtil.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:3:	The class 'PageVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:3:	The class 'PageVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:4:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:4:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:7:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:7:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:7:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:7:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:10:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:19:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:19:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:25:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/paging/model/PageVO.java:25:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:20:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:20:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '33'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '33'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:36:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:36:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:41:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:41:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'headerNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'headerNames' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:55:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:55:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '58'-'95').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '58'-'95').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:58:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:58:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'yyyySdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'yyyySdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:63:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:63:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:64:	Local variable 'mmSdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:64:	Local variable 'mmSdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:64:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:64:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:65:	Local variable 'yyyy' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:65:	Local variable 'yyyy' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:66:	Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:66:	Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'yyyyFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:69:	Local variable 'yyyyFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:72:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:72:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:77:	Local variable 'mmFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:77:	Local variable 'mmFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:79:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:79:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:82:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:82:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:83:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:83:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/FileUploadServlet.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:14:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:19:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:19:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:19:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:19:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:23:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:23:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:28:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:28:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:31:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:31:	Local variable 'param2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/GuguDan.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:15:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:17:	Local variable 'printWriter' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:17:	Local variable 'printWriter' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:18:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:18:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/NowDateServlet.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:19:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/SessionViewController.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:25:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:29:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'userVO'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:29:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'userVO'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '31'-'32').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '31'-'32').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:34:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '35'-'41').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '35'-'41').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fis' (lines '36'-'55').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fis' (lines '36'-'55').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:38:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:38:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:44:	Local variable 'sos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:44:	Local variable 'sos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filePath' (lines '45'-'47').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filePath' (lines '45'-'47').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filePath' (lines '45'-'51').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filePath' (lines '45'-'51').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:46:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:46:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:54:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:54:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:55:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:55:	Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:56:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:56:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/ProfileController.java:66:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:33:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:36:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:36:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:38:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:38:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:48:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:48:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:28:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:31:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:40:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:48:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '49'-'75').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '49'-'75').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:53:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:53:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:54:	Local variable 'pass' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:54:	Local variable 'pass' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:55:	Local variable 'filename' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:55:	Local variable 'filename' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:56:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:56:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:57:	Local variable 'alias' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:57:	Local variable 'alias' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:58:	Local variable 'addr1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:58:	Local variable 'addr1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:59:	Local variable 'addr2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:59:	Local variable 'addr2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:60:	Local variable 'zipcd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:60:	Local variable 'zipcd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:61:	Local variable 'birth' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:61:	Local variable 'birth' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:62:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:62:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '65'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '65'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:65:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:66:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '66'-'69').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:66:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '66'-'69').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:68:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:68:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '75'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '75'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:78:	Local variable 'dbUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:78:	Local variable 'dbUser' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:87:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:87:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:91:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:91:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:92:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:92:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '93'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '93'-'137').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:93:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:93:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:96:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:96:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:97:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:97:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:103:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:103:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:115:	Local variable 'result1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:115:	Local variable 'result1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:120:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:120:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:122:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:122:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:124:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:124:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:126:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:126:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserFormController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:26:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:35:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:43:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:43:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserListController.java:46:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.dao.ILprodDao'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.dao.ILprodDao'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.service.IuserService'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.service.IuserService'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.service.UserServiceImpl'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.service.UserServiceImpl'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:32:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:34:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:34:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:35:	Local variable 'pageVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:35:	Local variable 'pageVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:37:	The String literal "page" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:37:	The String literal "page" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:38:	The String literal "pageSize" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:38:	The String literal "pageSize" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '40'-'45').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '40'-'45').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result2' (lines '41'-'48').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result2' (lines '41'-'48').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:44:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:44:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:47:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:47:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:51:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:51:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:52:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:52:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'list'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'list'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '58'-'69').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '58'-'69').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:58:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:59:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:59:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:60:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:60:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:61:	Local variable 'pagenation' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:61:	Local variable 'pagenation' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserLprodList.java:71:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.encrypt.kisa.sha256.KISA_SHA256'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.encrypt.kisa.sha256.KISA_SHA256'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:35:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'service'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'service'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:46:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '48'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '48'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:50:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:50:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:51:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:51:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:56:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:56:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a NCSS line count of 60.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' has a NCSS line count of 60.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:59:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '62'-'109').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '62'-'109').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '62'-'93').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '62'-'93').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:64:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:64:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:65:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:65:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:67:	Local variable 'alias' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:67:	Local variable 'alias' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:68:	Local variable 'addr1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:68:	Local variable 'addr1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:69:	Local variable 'addr2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:69:	Local variable 'addr2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:72:	Local variable 'zipcd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:72:	Local variable 'zipcd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:73:	Local variable 'birth' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:73:	Local variable 'birth' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:76:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:76:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:77:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:77:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:78:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:78:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:79:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:79:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:80:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:80:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:81:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:81:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:82:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:82:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:83:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:83:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:84:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:84:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '99'-'159').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '99'-'159').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:99:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '100'-'103').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '100'-'103').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:102:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:102:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:102:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:102:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:106:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:106:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:112:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:112:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:116:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:116:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:117:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:117:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '118'-'159').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '118'-'159').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:118:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:118:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:120:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:120:	Local variable 'uploadPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:121:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:121:	Local variable 'uploadFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:127:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:127:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:138:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:138:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:145:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:145:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:149:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:149:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:154:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:154:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserModifyController.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:29:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:31:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:34:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:34:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:38:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:38:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:43:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:43:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:46:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:46:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:50:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:50:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:51:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:51:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:57:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:57:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:59:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:59:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:61:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:61:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingController.java:71:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:27:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Private field 'service' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:28:	Private field 'service' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:30:	The method 'doGet(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:31:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:31:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:37:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:37:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:40:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:40:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:44:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:44:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:45:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:45:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:51:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:51:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:52:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:52:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:53:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:53:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:59:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:59:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	Protected method constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/controller/UserPagingList.java:62:	The method 'doPost(HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/ILprodDao.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/ILprodDao.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/ILprodDao.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/ILprodDao.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:77:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'modiUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:77:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'modiUser': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:89:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/IuserDao.java:89:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.UserVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:22:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:22:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:23:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:23:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:36:	Parameter 'pageVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:36:	Parameter 'pageVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:36:	The method 'getPageLprod(PageVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:36:	The method 'getPageLprod(PageVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:37:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:37:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:38:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:38:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:53:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:53:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:54:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:54:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:55:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/LprodDaoImpl.java:55:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:15:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:26:	Local variable 'userDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:26:	Local variable 'userDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:28:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:28:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:30:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:30:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:35:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:37:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:37:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:46:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:48:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userList'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:60:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:60:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:61:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:61:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:62:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:62:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:63:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:63:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'userVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:76:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:76:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:77:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:77:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:79:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:79:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:89:	The method 'usersCount()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:89:	The method 'usersCount()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:90:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:90:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:91:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:91:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:97:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:97:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:98:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:107:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:107:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:108:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:108:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:109:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:109:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	The method 'modiUser(UserVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:115:	The method 'modiUser(UserVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:116:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:116:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:117:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:117:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	Parameter 'sqlSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:132:	Parameter 'sqlSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:136:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'sqlSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'sqlSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:3:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:3:	The class 'LprodVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:3:	The class 'LprodVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	The field name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:4:	The field name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	The field name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:5:	The field name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	The field name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:6:	The field name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:8:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:8:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:8:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_gu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_gu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Parameter 'lprod_nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:11:	The method parameter name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:17:	The instance method name 'getLprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:17:	The instance method name 'getLprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	Parameter 'lprod_id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	Parameter 'lprod_id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	The instance method name 'setLprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	The instance method name 'setLprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	The method parameter name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:20:	The method parameter name 'lprod_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:23:	The instance method name 'getLprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:23:	The instance method name 'getLprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	Parameter 'lprod_gu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	Parameter 'lprod_gu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	The instance method name 'setLprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	The instance method name 'setLprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	The method parameter name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:26:	The method parameter name 'lprod_gu' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:29:	The instance method name 'getLprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:29:	The instance method name 'getLprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	Parameter 'lprod_nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	Parameter 'lprod_nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	The instance method name 'setLprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	The instance method name 'setLprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	The method parameter name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/LprodVO.java:32:	The method parameter name 'lprod_nm' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:11:	The class 'UserVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=24)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:11:	The class 'UserVO' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=20, WMC=24)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:12:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:15:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:16:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:17:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:18:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:19:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:23:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:24:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:26:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:26:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:26:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:31:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:55:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:56:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:57:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:57:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:57:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:57:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:74:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:74:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:80:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:80:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:86:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:86:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:98:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:98:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:104:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:104:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:110:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:110:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:116:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:116:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:122:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:122:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:128:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:128:	Parameter 'birth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:134:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:134:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:139:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVO.java:139:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/ILprodService.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/ILprodService.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/ILprodService.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/ILprodService.java:39:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/IuserService.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/IuserService.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Private field 'dao' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:13:	Private field 'dao' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:21:	Parameter 'pageVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:21:	Parameter 'pageVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:31:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:31:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:32:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:33:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:33:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:34:	Local variable 'pagenation' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:34:	Local variable 'pagenation' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:35:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/LprodServiceImpl.java:35:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.user.model.LprodVO'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Private field 'userDao' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:21:	Private field 'userDao' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:37:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:37:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:42:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:42:	Parameter 'pageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:50:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:52:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:52:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:54:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:54:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:57:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:57:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	Parameter 'dbUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	Parameter 'dbUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	The method 'insertUser(UserVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:65:	The method 'insertUser(UserVO)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:71:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:71:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:72:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:72:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:73:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:73:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:77:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:77:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:78:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:78:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:79:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:79:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:82:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:82:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '92'-'104').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:92:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '92'-'104').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:94:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:96:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:96:	Local variable 'sqlSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:99:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:99:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:103:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:103:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:104:	Local variable 'encryptPass' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:104:	Local variable 'encryptPass' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:107:	Local variable 'updateCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:107:	Local variable 'updateCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:110:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:110:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:6:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:6:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:7:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:7:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:8:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:17:	Parameter 'cookieString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:17:	Parameter 'cookieString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:29:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'str' (lines '29'-'38').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:29:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'str' (lines '29'-'38').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:29:	Parameter 'cookie' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:29:	Parameter 'cookie' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:30:	Local variable 'cookieArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:30:	Local variable 'cookieArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieValue' (lines '31'-'45').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieValue' (lines '31'-'45').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:37:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:37:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:43:	Local variable 'cookieStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:43:	Local variable 'cookieStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:55:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtil.java:55:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:7:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:7:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:9:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:9:	Field comments are required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'split' (lines '19'-'26').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'split' (lines '19'-'26').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Parameter 'contentDisposition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:19:	Parameter 'contentDisposition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:23:	Local variable 'splited' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:23:	Local variable 'splited' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'split' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'split' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:27:	Local variable 'startIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:27:	Local variable 'startIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:27:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:27:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:28:	Local variable 'lastIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:28:	Local variable 'lastIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:28:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:28:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:44:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:44:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '45'-'48').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '45'-'48').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:46:	Local variable 'splited' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:46:	Local variable 'splited' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:47:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:47:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:48:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:48:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:55:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:55:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Parameter 'mm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Parameter 'mm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Parameter 'yyyy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:66:	Parameter 'yyyy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:67:	Local variable 'yyyyFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:67:	Local variable 'yyyyFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:69:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:69:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:70:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:70:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:73:	Local variable 'mmFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:73:	Local variable 'mmFolder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:75:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:75:	This statement should have braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:79:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:79:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:90:	Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:90:	Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:91:	Local variable 'yyyySdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:91:	Local variable 'yyyySdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:91:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:91:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:92:	Local variable 'mmSdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:92:	Local variable 'mmSdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:92:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:92:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:93:	Local variable 'yyyy' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:93:	Local variable 'yyyy' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:94:	Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtil.java:94:	Local variable 'mm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:13:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:16:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'empty_Test' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:16:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'empty_Test' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:18:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:18:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:19:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:19:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:22:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:22:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:25:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:25:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:29:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:29:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'empty_null_Test' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:29:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'empty_null_Test' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:31:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:31:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:32:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:32:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:35:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:35:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:38:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:38:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:43:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:43:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:45:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:45:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:46:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:46:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:50:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:50:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:53:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:53:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:59:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:61:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:61:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:62:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:62:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:65:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:65:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:68:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:68:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:75:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:75:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'custom_default_seperatorTest' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:75:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'custom_default_seperatorTest' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:77:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:77:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:78:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:78:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:81:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:81:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:84:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:84:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:88:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:88:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:88:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:88:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:90:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:90:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cal'.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cal'.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '91'-'103').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cal' (lines '91'-'103').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:91:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:97:	Local variable 'customSeperator' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:97:	Local variable 'customSeperator' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:98:	Local variable 'textNumbers' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:98:	Local variable 'textNumbers' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:101:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:101:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:102:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:102:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:12:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:13:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:16:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:18:	Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:18:	Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:22:	Local variable 'encryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:22:	Local variable 'encryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:28:	Local variable 'decryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:28:	Local variable 'decryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/aria/ARIAUtilTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	The class name 'KISA_SHA256_test' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:9:	The class name 'KISA_SHA256_test' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:10:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:20:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:20:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:22:	Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:22:	Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:25:	Local variable 'encryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_test.java:25:	Local variable 'encryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.sql.Date'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.sql.Date'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:20:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:20:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:22:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:35:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:40:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:40:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:40:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:46:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:46:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:46:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:51:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:62:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:62:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:66:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:66:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:70:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:81:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getUserTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:81:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getUserTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:83:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:83:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:85:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:85:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:87:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:87:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:119:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:119:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:122:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:122:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:137:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:137:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:137:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:137:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:139:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:139:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:143:	Local variable 'insertCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:143:	Local variable 'insertCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:147:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:147:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:162:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:162:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:165:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:165:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:169:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:169:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:171:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:171:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:171:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:171:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:173:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:173:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:177:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:177:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:180:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoImplTest.java:180:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:19:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:21:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:25:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:25:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:25:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:30:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:33:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:33:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:41:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getUser' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:41:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getUser' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:41:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:43:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:43:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:46:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:46:	Local variable 'userVO' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:49:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:49:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:54:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:54:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:54:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:54:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:56:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:56:	Local variable 'pageVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:60:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:60:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:61:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:61:	Local variable 'userList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:62:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:62:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:66:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:66:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:67:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:67:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:72:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:72:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:74:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:74:	Local variable 'usersCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:75:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:75:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:78:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:78:	Local variable 'paginationSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:82:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:82:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:97:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:97:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:97:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:97:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:99:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:99:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:103:	Local variable 'insertCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:103:	Local variable 'insertCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:107:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:107:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:122:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:122:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:125:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:125:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:129:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:129:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:131:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:131:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:131:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:131:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:133:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:133:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:137:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:137:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:140:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceImplTest.java:140:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:7:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:16:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCookieTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:16:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getCookieTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:16:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:16:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:18:	Local variable 'cookieString' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:18:	Local variable 'cookieString' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:22:	Local variable 'cookieValue' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:22:	Local variable 'cookieValue' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:23:	Local variable 'cookieValue1' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:23:	Local variable 'cookieValue1' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:24:	Local variable 'cookieValue2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:24:	Local variable 'cookieValue2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:25:	Local variable 'cookieValue3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:25:	Local variable 'cookieValue3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:26:	Local variable 'cookieValue4' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:26:	Local variable 'cookieValue4' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:29:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:29:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:30:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:30:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:31:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:32:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:32:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:33:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/CookieUtilTest.java:33:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:11:	Header comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	Field comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	The constant name 'logger' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:12:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'logger' is not all capitals.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:15:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getFileNameTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:15:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getFileNameTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:15:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:15:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:17:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:17:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:20:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:20:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:25:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:25:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:31:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:31:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:31:	Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:50:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getExtTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:50:	Linguistics Antipattern - The getter 'getExtTest' should not return void linguistically
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:50:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:50:	Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:52:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:52:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:53:	Local variable 'fileName2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:53:	Local variable 'fileName2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:54:	Local variable 'fileName3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:54:	Local variable 'fileName3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:57:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:57:	Local variable 'ext' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:58:	Local variable 'ext2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:58:	Local variable 'ext2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:59:	Local variable 'ext3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:59:	Local variable 'ext3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:63:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:63:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:64:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:64:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/util/PartUtileTest.java:65:	JUnit assertions should include a message
